
Hamburger
250 Cal.250 Cal.
The original burger starts with a 100% pure beef patty seasoned with just a pinch of salt and pepper, then topped with a tangy pickle, chopped onions, ketchup and mustard. It contains no artificial flavors, preservatives or added colors from artificial sources.* Our pickle contains an artificial preservative, so skip it if you like.

Double Cheeseburger
440 Cal.440 Cal.
The McDonald’s Double Cheeseburger features two 100% pure beef burger patties seasoned with just a pinch of salt and pepper. It’s topped with tangy pickles, chopped onions, ketchup, mustard and two slices of melty American cheese. It contains no artificial flavors, preservatives or added colors from artificial sources.* Our pickle contains an artificial preservative, so skip it if you like.

Cheeseburger
300 Cal.300 Cal.
Our simple, classic cheeseburger begins with a 100% pure beef patty seasoned with just a pinch of salt and pepper. It's topped with a tangy pickle, chopped onions, ketchup, mustard, and a slice of melty American cheese. It contains no artificial flavors, preservatives or added colors from artificial sources.* Our pickle contains an artificial preservative, so skip it if you like.

Quarter with Cheese
510 Cal.510 Cal.
Each Quarter Pounder with Cheese burger features a ? lb.* of 100% fresh beef that’s hot, deliciously juicy and cooked when you order. It’s seasoned with just a pinch of salt and pepper, sizzled on a flat iron grill, then topped with slivered onions, tangy pickles and two slices of melty cheese on a sesame seed bun. Our QPC® contains no artificial flavors, preservatives or added colors from artificial sources. **Our pickle contains an artificial preservative, so skip it if you like.

Double Quarter Pounder®* with Cheese
720 Cal.720 Cal.
Each Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese features two quarter pound* 100% fresh beef burger patties that are hot, deliciously juicy and cooked when you order. McDonald’s beef patties are seasoned with just a pinch of salt and pepper, sizzled on a flat iron grill, then topped with slivered onions, tangy pickles and two slices of melty cheese on a sesame seed bun. It contains no artificial flavors, preservatives or added colors from artificial sources.** Our pickle contains an artificial preservative, so skip it if you like.

Big Mac®
550 Cal.550 Cal.
Mouthwatering perfection starts with two 100% pure beef patties and Big Mac sauce sandwiched between a sesame seed bun. It’s topped off with pickles, crisp shredded lettuce, finely chopped onion and American cheese

Quarter Pounder®* with Cheese Bacon
620 Cal.620 Cal.
Each Quarter Pounder® with Cheese Bacon burger features thick-cut applewood smoked bacon atop a ? lb.* of 100% fresh McDonald’s beef that’s cooked when you order. It’s a hot, deliciously juicy bacon cheeseburger, seasoned with just a pinch of salt and pepper and sizzled on our flat iron grill. Layered with two slices of melty American cheese, slivered onions and tangy pickles on a soft, fluffy sesame seed hamburger bun.
